---
cover: ../../.gitbook/assets/stargaze.banner.lg.png
coverY: 0
---

# 4. Instantiate minter contract on testnet

On Stargaze, you can instantiate contract code that has already been uploaded to the chain. You don't need to deploy new contracts like you have to do on Ethereum.

Since NFT minter and collection (sg721) contracts already exist on Stargaze, you can just make new instances of them.

The following command will instantiate two contracts:

* **minter**: This contract contains all the logic for minting, managing prices and whitelists.
* **sg721**: This contract is your NFT collection contract that contains the list of all NFTs with associations to owners and metadata.

{% hint style="info" %}
Launching a collection has a 1,000 STARS network fee. 50% of this fee is burned, while the other half is sent to the Community Pool. In the future, this half will be distributed to Stargaze stakers.
{% endhint %}

```bash
yarn run minter
```

If all went well, you should see a print out of your minter contract address and sg721 contract address.&#x20;

```json
  attributes: [
    {
      key: '_contract_address',
      value: 'stars13we0myxwzlpx8l5ark8elw5gj5d59dl6cjkzmt80c5q5cv5rt54qm2r0mx'
    },
    { key: 'action', value: 'instantiate' },
    { key: 'contract_name', value: 'crates.io:sg-minter' },
    { key: 'contract_version', value: '0.2.0' },
    {
      key: '_contract_address',
      value: 'stars1x8gwn06l85q0lyncy7zsde8zzdn588k2dck00a8j6lkprydcutwq0uyaaw'
    },
    { key: 'action', value: 'instantiate' },
    { key: 'contract_name', value: 'crates.io:sg-721' },
    { key: 'contract_version', value: '0.2.0' },
    {
      key: '_contract_address',
      value: 'stars13we0myxwzlpx8l5ark8elw5gj5d59dl6cjkzmt80c5q5cv5rt54qm2r0mx'
    },
    { key: 'action', value: 'instantiate_sg721_reply' }
  ]
```

Edit `config.js` and fill in the first address above for `minter`. It will be used in the next section to mint from your contract.

The second address the above output is your collection's contract address. Please save this somewhere as you will need it later to list your collection on the marketplace.

Congratulations! You have completed the first step in launching your collection.

In the next section you'll learn various ways to mint NFTs from your minter contract.
