---
description: TODO
cover: ../../.gitbook/assets/stargaze.banner.lg.png
coverY: 0
---

# 4. Whitelist

### Instantiate a whitelist contract

First, edit `config.js` and fill in whitelist addresses in `whitelist`, and add the times you want the whitelist to start and end.

If you don't have all addresses for the whitelist right now, don't worry as you can always add more later.

{% hint style="info" %}
Whitelist creation has a 100 STARS network free. 50% of this fee is burned, while the other half is sent to the Community Pool. In the future, this half will be distributed to Stargaze stakers.
{% endhint %}

Instantiate a whitelist contract with:

```
yarn whitelist
```

Make of note of the contract address in the output of the above command. Edit `config.js` and use this address for `whitelistContract`.&#x20;



### Unit Price and Per Address Limit

You can set a different price and per address limit for the duration of the whitelist period, edit `config.js` and set the fields accordingly.&#x20;

### Add to whitelist

You can always add more addresses to the whitelist with:

```
yarn whitelist
```

Save whitelist address to `config.js`&#x20;

Add to the whitelist with:

```
yarn whitelist --add 'address1,address2,address3,...address100'
```

You can also add to the whitelist by file upload. First copy `whitelist_addresses.example.csv` to `whitelist_addresses.csv` with 1 address per line. You can add up to 500 addresses at a time.

```
yarn whitelist-file
```

You may see an error about exceeding member limit. Increase member limit. Also you may need to comment and uncomment a few statements if increasing the member limit incurs an upgrade fee.\
\
Upgrade fees happen when the number of addresses reaches `1, 1001, 2001, 3001, 4001`.&#x20;

```
yarn whitelist --increase-member-limit 5000
```

### Show whitelist configuration

```
yarn whitelist --show-config
```

{% hint style="info" %}
The whitelist can have a maximum of 5,000 addresses.
{% endhint %}

