---
cover: ../../.gitbook/assets/OGImage1200x630.png
coverY: 0
---

# 4. Whitelist

### Instantiate a whitelist contract

First, edit `config.js` and fill in whitelist addresses in `whitelist`, and add the times you want the whitelist to start and end.

If you don't have all addresses for the whitelist right now, don't worry as you can always add more later.

{% hint style="info" %}
Whitelist creation has a 100 to 400 STARS network fee. 50% of this fee is burned, while the other half is sent to the Community Pool. In the future, this half will be distributed to Stargaze stakers.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}
Whitelist minimum mint price is 25 stars.
{% endhint %}

Instantiate a whitelist contract with:

```
yarn whitelist
```

Make of note of the contract address in the output of the above command. Edit `config.js` and use this address for `whitelistContract`.&#x20;

### Unit Price and Per Address Limit

You can set a different price and per address limit for the duration of the whitelist period, edit `config.js` and set the fields accordingly.&#x20;

### Add to whitelist

You can always add more addresses to the whitelist with:

```
yarn whitelist
```

Save whitelist address to `config.js`&#x20;

Add to the whitelist with:

```
yarn whitelist --add 'address1,address2,address3,...address100'
```

### Add to whitelist with file

You can also add to the whitelist by file upload. First copy `whitelist_addresses.example.csv` to `whitelist_addresses.csv` with 1 address per line. You can add up to 1,000 addresses at a time.

```
yarn whitelist-file
```

You may see an error about exceeding member limit. You may need to increase the whitelist member limit.&#x20;

### Increase member limit

Instantiating your whitelist contract, there is a field for `member_limit` in `config.js` You may need increase the whitelist member limit if there are more whitelist addresses than expected. Increasing member limit may incur additional upgrade fees. You will see an `IncorrectPaymentAmount` error and include a fee in the message. This will require modifying the transaction message, commenting and uncommenting the code blocks.\
\
Upgrade fees happen when the number of addresses reaches `1, 1001, 2001, 3001, 4001`.&#x20;

```
yarn whitelist --increase-member-limit 2000
```

### Show whitelist configuration

```
yarn whitelist --show-config
```

{% hint style="info" %}
The whitelist can have a maximum of 5,000 addresses.
{% endhint %}

### Add whitelist to minter contract

Don't forget to set the whitelist to the minter contract.&#x20;

Feel free to add, remove members or update start time, end time. Once whitelist starts you can not make any more updates.

ex: adding `stars1whitelistaddr` (your whitelist address will be different)

```
yarn minter --whitelist stars1whitelistaddr
```
